add microCMS guide (#3745)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/cms/microcms.mdx

---
title: microCMS & Astro
description: Add content to your Astro project using microCMS
type: cms
stub: true
service: microCMS
i18nReady: true
---

> [microCMS](https://microcms.io/) is an API-based headless CMS, that let you define content using schemas, and manage it using the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[microCMS](https://microcms.io/) is an API-based headless CMS that lets you define content using schemas, and manage it using the dashboard.
```
Quick grammar fixes!

---
title: microCMS & Astro

> description: Use microCMS to manage your Astro project contents

Reviewer 2: One last edit, just to keep consistency with our other CMS guides!
```suggestion
description: Add content to your Astro project using microCMS
```

type: cms
stub: true
service: microCMS
i18nReady: true
---

> [microCMS](https://microcms.io/) is an API-based headless CMS.
> It accelerates your business by greatly reducing development and operation costs through a comfortable dashboard.

Reviewer 2: We like to avoid marketing text in our CMS guides. This should tell the user what it is and does. I have quick suggestion here, but feel free to rewrite it yourself.
```suggestion
[microCMS](https://microcms.io/) is an API-based headless CMS, that let's you define content using schemas, and manage it using the dashboard.
```

## Official Resources

- Check out [the official microCMS document](https://document.microcms.io/tutorial/astro/astro-top)

> - Blog: [blog tutorial](https://blog.microcms.io/astro-microcms-introduction/)

Reviewer 2: Let's make this link more descriptive
```suggestion
- Blog: [Build a blog with microCMS](https://blog.microcms.io/astro-microcms-introduction/)
```
